Docs: Adds tests requirement to bugs checklist (#18576)
grafana/grafana: CONTRIBUTING.md

#### Bug specific checks

- [ ] The pull request contains `Closes: #Issue` or `Fixes: #Issue` in pull request description.

> - [ ] If possible the pull request adds tests that proofs that the bug is fixed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The Pull Request adds tests that replicate the fixed bu and helps avoid regressions.
```
